d:\ptrickg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment2\ProgrammingAssignment2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\ProgrammingAssignment2.exe
d:\ptrickg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment2\ProgrammingAssignment2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\ProgrammingAssignment2.pdb
d:\ptrickg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment2\ProgrammingAssignment2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
d:\ptrickg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment2\ProgrammingAssignment2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
d:\ptrickg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment2\ProgrammingAssignment2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
d:\ptrickg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment2\ProgrammingAssignment2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
d:\ptrickg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment2\ProgrammingAssignment2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
d:\ptrickg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment2\ProgrammingAssignment2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
d:\ptrickg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment2\ProgrammingAssignment2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
d:\ptrickg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment2\ProgrammingAssignment2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
d:\ptrickg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment2\ProgrammingAssignment2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
d:\ptrickg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment2\ProgrammingAssignment2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
d:\ptrickg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment2\ProgrammingAssignment2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
d:\ptrickg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment2\ProgrammingAssignment2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
d:\ptrickg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment2\ProgrammingAssignment2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
d:\ptrickg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment2\ProgrammingAssignment2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
d:\ptrickg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment2\ProgrammingAssignment2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
d:\ptrickg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment2\ProgrammingAssignment2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
d:\ptrickg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment2\ProgrammingAssignment2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
d:\ptrickg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment2\ProgrammingAssignment2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
d:\ptrickg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment2\ProgrammingAssignment2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
d:\ptrickg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment2\ProgrammingAssignment2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
d:\ptrickg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment2\ProgrammingAssignment2\obj\x86\Debug\ProgrammingAssignment2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\ptrickg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment2\ProgrammingAssignment2\obj\x86\Debug\ProgrammingAssignment2.exe
d:\ptrickg\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProgrammingAssignment2\ProgrammingAssignment2\obj\x86\Debug\ProgrammingAssignment2.pdb
D:\pTricKg\Documents\GitHub\CSharp\GameC#\ProgrammingAssignment2\ProgrammingAssignment2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\ProgrammingAssignment2.exe
D:\pTricKg\Documents\GitHub\CSharp\GameC#\ProgrammingAssignment2\ProgrammingAssignment2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\ProgrammingAssignment2.pdb
D:\pTricKg\Documents\GitHub\CSharp\GameC#\ProgrammingAssignment2\ProgrammingAssignment2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
D:\pTricKg\Documents\GitHub\CSharp\GameC#\ProgrammingAssignment2\ProgrammingAssignment2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
D:\pTricKg\Documents\GitHub\CSharp\GameC#\ProgrammingAssignment2\ProgrammingAssignment2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
D:\pTricKg\Documents\GitHub\CSharp\GameC#\ProgrammingAssignment2\ProgrammingAssignment2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
D:\pTricKg\Documents\GitHub\CSharp\GameC#\ProgrammingAssignment2\ProgrammingAssignment2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
D:\pTricKg\Documents\GitHub\CSharp\GameC#\ProgrammingAssignment2\ProgrammingAssignment2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
D:\pTricKg\Documents\GitHub\CSharp\GameC#\ProgrammingAssignment2\ProgrammingAssignment2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
D:\pTricKg\Documents\GitHub\CSharp\GameC#\ProgrammingAssignment2\ProgrammingAssignment2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
D:\pTricKg\Documents\GitHub\CSharp\GameC#\ProgrammingAssignment2\ProgrammingAssignment2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
D:\pTricKg\Documents\GitHub\CSharp\GameC#\ProgrammingAssignment2\ProgrammingAssignment2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
D:\pTricKg\Documents\GitHub\CSharp\GameC#\ProgrammingAssignment2\ProgrammingAssignment2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
D:\pTricKg\Documents\GitHub\CSharp\GameC#\ProgrammingAssignment2\ProgrammingAssignment2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
D:\pTricKg\Documents\GitHub\CSharp\GameC#\ProgrammingAssignment2\ProgrammingAssignment2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
D:\pTricKg\Documents\GitHub\CSharp\GameC#\ProgrammingAssignment2\ProgrammingAssignment2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
D:\pTricKg\Documents\GitHub\CSharp\GameC#\ProgrammingAssignment2\ProgrammingAssignment2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
D:\pTricKg\Documents\GitHub\CSharp\GameC#\ProgrammingAssignment2\ProgrammingAssignment2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
D:\pTricKg\Documents\GitHub\CSharp\GameC#\ProgrammingAssignment2\ProgrammingAssignment2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
D:\pTricKg\Documents\GitHub\CSharp\GameC#\ProgrammingAssignment2\ProgrammingAssignment2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
D:\pTricKg\Documents\GitHub\CSharp\GameC#\ProgrammingAssignment2\ProgrammingAssignment2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
D:\pTricKg\Documents\GitHub\CSharp\GameC#\ProgrammingAssignment2\ProgrammingAssignment2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
D:\pTricKg\Documents\GitHub\CSharp\GameC#\ProgrammingAssignment2\ProgrammingAssignment2\obj\x86\Debug\ProgrammingAssignment2.exe
D:\pTricKg\Documents\GitHub\CSharp\GameC#\ProgrammingAssignment2\ProgrammingAssignment2\obj\x86\Debug\ProgrammingAssignment2.pdb
D:\pTricKg\Documents\GitHub\CSharp\GameC#\ProgrammingAssignment2\ProgrammingAssignment2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\graphics\android0.xnb
D:\pTricKg\Documents\GitHub\CSharp\GameC#\ProgrammingAssignment2\ProgrammingAssignment2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\graphics\android1.xnb
D:\pTricKg\Documents\GitHub\CSharp\GameC#\ProgrammingAssignment2\ProgrammingAssignment2\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\graphics\android2.xnb
D:\pTricKg\Documents\GitHub\CSharp\GameC#\ProgrammingAssignment2\ProgrammingAssignment2\obj\x86\Debug\ProgrammingAssignment2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
